-----------------------------------------------------------
CHAPTER 2 - THE BUILDER PATTERN
-----------------------------------------------------------

- The 'factory method' and 'abstract factory' patterns provide ways to improve object 
    creation.  The builder pattern separates the construction of a complex object from its 
    representation.  It is used when an object must be created in multiple steps, and different
    representations of the same construction are required.



- The difference between the factory and builder patterns is that the factory pattern creates an object
    in a simple step, while a builder pattern creates an object in multiple steps through the use of a
    director.  Also, the factory pattern immediately returns a new object, while in the builder pattern
    the client code explicitly asks the director to return the final object when it needs it.



- It is also often used in statically typed language to support constructors with different parameters,
    but we can solve that problem easily in Python with named parameters or argument list unpacking.



- For example, suppose that we want to create an HTML page generator. The basic structure 
    (construction part) of an HTML page is always the same: it begins with <html> and finishes 
    with </html>, inside the HTML section are the <head> and </head> elements, inside the head 
    section are the <title> and </title> elements, and so forth.  But the representation of the 
    page can differ.

  The HTML page generation problem can be solved using the builder pattern. In this pattern, there 
    are two main participants:

    1. The builder  = The component responsible for creating the various parts of a complex object. In 
                        this example, these parts are the title, heading, body, and the footer of the page.

    2. The director = The component that controls the building process using a builder instance. It calls 
                        the builder's functions for setting the title, the heading, and so on. And, using 
                        a different builder instance allows us to create a different HTML page without
                        touching any of the code of the director.
